# Tabular-Playground-Series---May-2022
Kaggle competition that involved conducting binary classification over 33 numerical features.

For this challenge I was given simulated manufacturing control data and was tasked to predict whether the machine is in state 0 or state 1. The data had various feature interactions that were important in determining the machine state. Some of the interactions that were found were that certain projections of the feature space were partitioned into three regions with differing target probabilities. The projections that were found to be useful were: the projection to f_02 and f_21, the projection to f_05 and f_22, and the projection to f_00+f_01 and f_26. For every projection a ternary categorical feature was created to determine which region a sample belongs. This resulted in the addition of the features i_02_21, i_05_22, and i_00_01_26. Next there was a categorial feature f_27, that was able to be deconstructed to provide much more information to my model. How this feature was constructed was by making each letter in the feature a separate column, and the specific location of the letter is noted and made into another feature. Any columns that contained all zeros were then removed. 
After this was complete I normalized my data and began constructing a sequential neural network model. Keras was used to make the neural network model, and my best model provided an area under the ROC curve of 0.997 which placed me in the top 25% (281/1115) for this competition.

